Hello.
So I thought as an introduction
to James' session here,
he's going to talk about the
details of several of our
APIs including the audio file APIs,
the audio converter APIs.
I just show a quick demo program
I wrote which shows you how
this looks from the outside.
This doesn't use QuickTime.
It's using all of our native audio
APIs to read and convert audio files.
So here I've got a few
files I brought with me.
This is a simple AIFF stereo 16-bit file.
And I can listen to it.
So that's just using the
Audio File API to recognize the file,
read the samples out of it,
and pump it through an audio output unit.
There's very little actual manipulating
of audio data in this program.
It's all using our APIs.
So another thing I can do here,
I can do a simple sample rate conversion.
These are the same APIs that
QuickTime is based on top of
in their upcoming version.
This program also, by the way,
is going to be available as sample code.
And we can see some of the things the
Audio File API provides in sample here,
or in Panther here.
We can see all the file
formats that are supported.
I'm going to keep this in AIFF.
I'll just say same as source.
Actually if I were to choose AIFF here,
I could make it a 24-bit AIFF,
which doesn't make sense
because it's 16 bits.
I'll just say same as source.
And I'll down sample it to 22K.
And hit convert.
This is going through our
sample rate converter,
which is built into our
Audio Converter API.
This is very heavily
AlteVec optimized code,
as are all of our integer to
float conversions now in Panther.
These are good reasons for using our
APIs for your int to float conversions.
They're heavily optimized for both
G4 and G3 and soon on G5 as well.
This is my converted file.
It's going to sound about the same.
Okay, so another thing you can do with
the Audio Converter is to use it to
encode and decode formats such as AAC.
Here I've got an example of a
six-channel AIFF file which one of my
coworkers authored in Logic a year ago.
Here it is in its AIFF format,
and I'll leave it playing
while I convert it to an AAC.
You might want to turn the volume down
just a little so I can keep talking,
please.
Okay,
so I can say I want to convert it to
AAC and leave it to the same sample rate.
There's some more parameters you
can put on the converter here,
such as the bit rate, the quality.
You can do channel remapping
in multi-channel AAC,
for example.
Depending on the channel layout,
it can save bits by putting a
filter on the sub or LFE channel.
So this example program
doesn't show that right now,
but that is an option that
there is on the converter.
So while it keeps playing,
you can turn the volume back up now.
So this is a pretty substantial file.
It's 40 megabytes as an AIFF.
So we're encoding that
six-channel AAC file in a
little less than real time here.
It's
And so here we have,
if we go to the finder,
we'll see now it's a 3.1 megabyte file.
And it's also in surround.
This is kind of cool.
I'm scrubbing around inside the AAC file.
It's decoding multiple packets.
Really nice and efficient.
By the way,
our AAC decoder in our test is about
three times as efficient as MP3 decoding.
So if you're considering
putting sounds in games,
you might take a close look at
using AAC encoding instead of MP3.
Okay, so that's the sample program,
and I'll turn it back over to
James to explain the APIs that
are underneath this program.
Thank you.
Okay, back to slides, please.
Slides.
Okay, there we go.
Okay,
so what I'm going to talk about is how
to handle audio formats with Core Audio.
First I'll sort of review
the basics of how formats are
represented in Core Audio.
Then I'll talk about the Audio Converter
API and the Audio Format API,
which is new in Panther.
And I'll talk about some new
features for audio units for
supporting multi-channel and surround.
And I'll talk about the new
Audio File Get Global Info API and
the new Matrix Mixer Audio Unit.
Okay, so one thing that's been a source
of some confusion in Core Audio is
what is the definition of frames
and packets and bytes and samples.
And when you're dealing
with compressed formats,
it gets pretty important to
take them all into account.
So this graphic shows what a five-channel
interleaved 24-bit stream looks like.
You can see that one sample is
three bytes and five channels
are interleaved into one frame.
And for linear PCM,
one frame equals one packet in the way
we count things in the Core Audio APIs.
And this information is the way you
describe a format is by specifying
an audio stream basic description,
which is a structure that's used
throughout the Core Audio API.
It has the sample rate for
the stream and the format ID,
which tells you whether it's a PCM stream
or it's some kind of compressed format.
That's the format ID as a
four-character code for the format.
Then there's flags that are specific to
that format and some fields that tell
you the relationship between the bytes,
the packets,
and the frames in that format and
the number of channels in that
format and how many bits per channel.
and David Koehn,
and I'm going to be talking
about the different ways that
each sample is in that format.
Okay, so here's an example of how to
fill one of these out for the
five-channel 24-bit interleave stream
that was in the first graphic there.
The format ID is linear PCM.
The flags are set to
Big Indian signed integer packed.
It's one frame per packet.
All linear PCM is one frame per packet.
And then for this interleave stream,
there's 15 bytes per packet
and 15 bytes per frame,
five channels per frame,
24 bits per channel.
Okay, so this shows an example of
a non-interleaved stream.
There's two buffers.
Each of them holds
floating point samples.
They're four bytes each.
You see on the left there's a
and I are going to be talking
about the different types of
audio buffers that we use.
We have these names, mbuffers,
subzero.mdata, that's fields in the audio
buffer list structure,
which I'll show in a minute.
Samples from one channel of the data.
So this non-intermediate
stream has two channels,
and so there's two buffers.
Okay, and then here's the
Audio Stream Basic description for that.
The one difference you'll see here, well,
for one thing, there's the flag for
non-interleaved is set,
the format flag.
And another difference you'll
see here is that bytes per packet
and bytes per frame is four,
describes one of those buffers.
So even though there's two channels,
it's not two times four bytes.
It's just four bytes per packet
because they're split into two buffers.
Okay, so now when you get
into compressed formats,
the simplest kind of compressed
format is a constant bitrate format.
This is, there's a constant number
of bytes per packet.
The number of frames per packet
depends on the compressed
format that you're dealing with.
So the other kind will be
a variable bit rate data,
and that's the number of
bytes per packet can vary.
And in the AudioStream Basic Description,
the m bytes per packet is just set to
zero because it's not a constant value.
Now when you're dealing with some
formats like AAC that don't have
information in the bitstream about
where the packet boundaries are,
you need something,
an external piece of data to tell you
where those packet boundaries are.
And we use the Audio Stream Packet
Description in our APIs to tell you what
the starting byte offset of a packet is
and the length in bytes of that packet.
And when you're passing around AAC data,
you have to pass around an array of
these packet descriptions to tell
you where the packet boundaries are.
Okay, now,
audio data is stored in Audio Buffer
Lists in Core Audio throughout our APIs.
This is in the Audio Units,
the Audio Converter, and the How.
The Audio Buffer List tells
you the number of buffers,
and then there's an array
of buffer structures,
and each buffer tells you
how many interleaved channels
there are in that buffer,
and the size of the buffer,
and then there's a pointer to the buffer.
Okay,
all these structures that I'm talking
about and some I'll talk about later
are defined in CoreAudioTypes.h.
They're used everywhere in Core Audio,
so they're
and I are the co-founders of the
Core Audio and there's public utility
classes that are shipped with the
SDK that provide common operations on
these structures and make it easier to
fill them out and do the things that
you commonly need to do with them.
Okay, so in Audio Units,
I'm going to talk about how
frames and packets are used by
the various core audio APIs.
Audio Units express their
buffer sizes in frames.
By default, the format is 32-bit float,
non-interleaved.
People have sort of gotten the
impression that that's the only
format you could do with Audio Units,
but since there is a stream description
that you can set on the inputs
and outputs of the Audio Units,
you can actually put any kind of
audio data into those Audio Units.
Okay, the HAL counts time in frames when
you get your I/O proc callback,
the sample time is
provided there in frames.
In PCM mode, the HAL tells you its
buffer size in frame.
The buffer sizes are set in frames
and unless you tell it otherwise,
the format will be 32-bit float.
In non-linear PCM mode,
you're restricted to dealing one
packet at a time with the data.
The buffer frame size range is restricted
to the number of frames per packet.
Okay, so for the Audio File API,
there's two calls,
Audio File Read Bytes and Write Bytes,
Deals and Bytes,
and then Audio File Read Packets
and Write Packets,
Deals and Packets.
Since frames equals packets for PCM,
then you can use
Audio File Read Packets for PCM,
and that'll return you PCM frames.
If you're dealing with compressed data,
then Read Packets will return
you some number of packets
of that compressed data.
Okay, so now you can describe
different formats.
How do you convert from
one format to another?
And for that we have the Audio Converter.
It can do floating point integer,
various bit depth,
sample rate conversion, interleaving,
deinterleaving, channel reordering,
and new in Panther is that it can convert
between PCM and compressed formats for
codecs that are installed in the system.
In order to create an audio converter,
you use Audio Converter New.
You give it an input and output format,
and it returns you an
Audio Converter Ref,
which is your audio converter object.
So in order to call it here,
you would fill out two
audio stream descriptions.
You can use CA Stream Basic Description
to help you do that,
the SDK class.
Then you have a decoder.
Well, in this example,
I'm just showing a decoder,
creating a decoder.
I do Audio Converter New,
and I'll get my decoder
instance out from that.
In order to, say, after you've created
your audio converter,
you want to convert audio with it.
So you call Audio Converter
Fill Complex Buffer.
That is a call that takes an
audio converter instance in.
It takes a pointer to an input procedure,
which is the data source for getting
input into the audio converter.
A user data field for storing your
instance data for the audio converter.
And then there's IO Output Data Packet
Size is the number of packets you want
to get out of the audio converter.
And on return,
you'll see the number of packets you
want to get out of the audio converter.
And on return, it will be the number of
packets you actually got out.
That number could be less than what
you requested if you're at the end
of the stream or there was an error.
Then you pass in the audio buffer list
which you want to be the audio converter
to write your converted data into.
And then there's a pointer to
an array of packet descriptions.
If you're converting AAC and you're
asking for some number of packets of AAC,
you need to pass in an array of
packet descriptions so you'll
know where the packet boundaries
of the data you get back is.
Okay, so...
In order to call Audio Converter
Fill Complex Buffer,
you need to prepare
an output buffer list.
If it's interleaved data,
then there will be one buffer
in the buffer list array.
And if it's non-interleaved,
you'll need multiple mono buffers.
The mdata pointer contains the
pointer to the buffers that will
have the audio data written into it.
And the data byte size tells
the size of the buffer.
And if you ask for more packets
that will fit into that size,
it will get truncated down to whatever
the space that you provided to it.
So in order to call Audio Converter
Fill Complex Buffer,
basically this shows just
passing the arguments.
There's the decoder,
the input procedure pointer,
the user data,
the packet list I'm requesting,
which is 8192 in this case,
and a buffer list,
which I have filled out.
And then I'm passing here null
for the packet descriptions
because I'm probably dealing with,
well, I'm decoding,
so I'm getting PCM out,
so I don't need packet
descriptions in this case.
So now when you use an audio converter,
you need to write an input procedure,
and the input procedure implements
the source of the demand-driven model.
So the audio converter.
When you ask it for converted data,
it will call your input proc to get data,
the input side data,
and it's demand-driven so that if
you're doing a sample rate conversion,
then it might be pulling
data at a different rate
than you're getting it out.
And also there's... some internal
buffering that can happen for doing
compression or sample rate conversion so
that the pulling needs to be decoupled
from the... the pulling of input needs to
be decoupled from the pulling of output,
and that's what the
input proc implements.
So you need to set up your buffer list.
Inside your input proc,
your job is to provide data
to the audio converter.
You don't have to copy data
into Audio Converter's buffers.
You just give the audio
converter pointers to your data.
And so it passes you a buffer
list and you fill out that buffer
list with the pointers to the
data that it wants to convert.
The Audio Converter in general goes
out of its way to eliminate copying
and so it tries to just convert.
I mean, if it can,
it will just convert from your
input buffer and into your output
buffer without buffering internally.
In certain cases, it cannot do that.
In the input proc,
you provide pointers to your data,
not copy it.
And you need, in your input proc,
when you pass data to
the audio converter,
you have to keep that data valid until
the next time your input proc is called.
And that might be across calls to
Audio Converter Fill Complex Buffer.
So you may call Audio Converter
Fill Complex Buffer.
It calls your input proc,
which returns data to
the audio converter.
And then you exit Audio Converter
Fill Complex Buffer,
exit and returns you data.
You still have to keep that input data
live until the next time you've called
Audio Converter Fill Complex Buffer
and it's called your input proc.
Because it's still looking at that data.
Now, your input proc gets past the
number of packets that the
Audio Converter wants from you,
but you're allowed to return either more
or less data than it's asked you for.
If you return less,
then it will be called again.
The word again has been removed here.
If you return more, then it will just ask
you less frequently.
It will just ask you the
next time it needs data.
The input proc,
you have an Audio Converter instance,
and there's the number of data packets.
On input, it's the number of data packets
that have been requested,
and on output,
you return the number of data packets
that you're actually returning.
It passes you a buffer list,
which you need to fill
out for the output.
And then there's the
Audio Stream Packet Description.
If you're returning AAC data,
then you need to set this
pointer to the array of packet
descriptions that describe the
packet boundaries of the data.
And then there's the user
data that's passed in,
which is your own instance data for use,
however you want to use
it in your input proc.
There's a couple special conditions that
you have to deal with in your input proc.
One is when you reach the end of
the stream and you're out of data,
what you need to do is set the
number of data packets you're
returning to zero and return no error.
Your input proc may be called
several more times and you
just keep returning zero.
And that will signal to the
Audio Converter that you're indeed out
of data and it will flush its buffers.
Another situation you could be in is
that if you're doing real-time streaming,
you may be in a situation where you're
not at the end of the stream but you
don't have any data available right now.
So the Audio Converter needs to just
return whatever it's got converted.
But what you do in that case is
you return no packets available
and you return an error.
And this error gets propagated back
to the caller and any data that
had been converted up to that point
will be returned to the caller.
But the Audio Converter will keep any
unconverted data that it has internally
until the next time Audio Converter
fill complex buffer is called.
[Transcript missing]
So for Audio Stream Basic Description
Operations with the Audio Format API,
you can get a format's name.
You pass an
Audio Stream Basic Description
to the Audio Format API,
and it will generate a name,
either a name for a compressed format,
or if you pass it a
certain linear PCM format,
it will tell you, generate a CFString and
tell you what that is.
You can also pass it a partially filled
out Audio Stream Basic Description.
That's mostly useful for constant bit
rate data formats to find out what
the bytes per packet is for IMA4,
for example.
So you can ask,
is a format variable bit rate?
Is it externally framed?
You can ask what encoders
I have installed on the system.
and what decoders I have
installed on the system.
Okay, so this is what the
Audio Format API looks like.
There's two calls.
One is the Audio Format
Get Property Info.
You use that to find out
the size of a property.
You pass in a specifier,
which is some argument to the property.
There's a property ID, which tells the
Audio Format API what API,
what property you're asking about.
And then there's the specifier,
which gives an argument.
And then it returns you the size
of the property you're asking for.
And then there's the Get Property call,
which you use to actually get
the value of the property.
All right,
so here's an example of using it.
Here I'm finding out what encoders
are installed in the system.
I make a get property info call to find
out the size of the array of encoders.
It's going to return me a list of
OS types for these encode formats.
Then I call audio format get property
to get the array of format IDs.
Then I enter in a loop here
where I call the format API to
give me a name for that format.
I create a small audio stream
based description and get a name
for the format and print them out.
Then on my system this is
what I got printed out.
[Transcript missing]
describes the channel
ordering of a stream.
Now, Audio Stream Basic Description tells
you the number of channels in a stream,
but it doesn't really
tell you what they are.
So,
if you have one channel or two channels,
you can pretty much guess
that's mono or stereo.
But if you have five channels,
it could be one of
several orderings of 5.0.
If you have six channels,
it could be 6.0 or it could be 5.1
in several different orderings.
So,
you need a way to find out what that is.
on this.
The Audio Channel Layout has several
ways of specifying orderings.
There's an integer tag for a
bunch of predefined layouts.
In a lot of cases,
you can just pass around these
integer tags to tell you what
channel ordering you have.
There's a bitmap for
USB WAV style layouts.
So in WAV files or USB,
there's a bitmap to tell you which
channels are present in a stream,
and then they have to be
present in a certain order.
And then there's an array of
channel descriptions which you can
use to describe arbitrary layouts.
So the structure looks like this.
There's a channel layout tag,
which is one of these predefined layouts.
There's a bitmap.
And then there's an array
of channel descriptions.
Lots of formats are predefined.
We defined just about everything we
could think of or find references to.
And then there's one thing you
can do with these integer tags
is mask off the low 16 bits,
and that will tell you the
number of channels in the format.
The hold tag will be more specific and
tell you what kind of ordering there is.
There's two special tags.
One is used channel descriptions,
which means that you can't know
anything from looking at the tag.
You have to look at the array
of channel descriptions to find
out what channels are present.
And then there's used channel bitmaps,
or if you're dealing
with a USB Wave style.
and I are going to be talking
about the channel layout.
You can see here that there's four
different kinds of layouts for 5.1.
This sort of illustrates the kind of
problem that this is trying to solve.
Various streams will be in
different ones of these formats.
You have to be able
to differentiate them.
The channel description struct for
the array of channel descriptions.
There's a channel label that
tells you whether it's left,
right, left, or around.
And then there's some
optional coordinates.
So if you wanted to specify
speaker positions using
floating point coordinates,
you can do that in rectangular
or spherical coordinates.
Okay, the channel label is an integer.
It tells you just basically which
channel you're dealing with.
There's basic ones and then
there's lots of more esoteric ones.
This is sort of channels,
some of the channels defined
by the theater industry along
with my favorite channel,
the left surround direct channel,
LSD channel.
The audio channel layout operations,
you can get the number
of channels in a layout.
You can get a full description
from a layout tag or a bitmap.
So if you have one of these
integer tags like 5.1a,
you can have it give you an array
of the channel descriptions telling
you what the channel label is all
filled out so you know which channel
is where in a certain layout.
You can get a matrix of coefficients
for using with the matrix mixer,
which I'll go over in a bit,
for doing downmixing.
So you can get a matrix of coefficients
for using with the matrix mixer,
which I'll go over in a bit,
for doing downmixing.
You can get a name for a layout.
So if you have some layout,
you can pass it here to the audio format
API and it'll give you a CFString,
which you can print out.
You can get a name for a channel.
So if you have a certain channel
and you want to find out a name
you can print for the user.
These are localized strings.
This is what the left channel looks like.
You can get that and
that'll be localized.
And then there's a,
you can also put these audio
channel layouts into AIF files,
so.
All right, so with Audio Units,
you can get the channel layouts
and Audio Unit supports.
This is a new feature for Panther.
So Audio Units can
support channel layouts,
and you can get or set a channel
layout for an Audio Unit stream.
For example,
the Matrix Reverb can have stereo, quad,
or 5.0 channel layouts as output.
Okay, you don't have to
support channel layouts.
If you're doing an Audio Unit that's
only doing mono or stereo,
or it doesn't really care about
spatial location like a filter,
then you don't have to
support audio channel layouts.
But if you're doing a Reverb or a
Panner or something that can deal
with certain numbers of channels,
like if you're dealing with five
channels and you want to be able to
support multiple channel orderings,
you can do that with Audio Units.
So the Audio Converter also
supports channel layouts.
You can use the AAC Codec
to support various channel
layouts when encoding to AAC.
There's a property for getting
the available encode channel
layouts and for setting the channel
layouts when you're encoding.
So there's also the
Audio File Global Info API,
which is related to Audio Format API,
but it gets information
about audio files.
You can ask it what
file types can be read,
what can be written.
You can get names for the file types,
and you can find out what stream formats
a certain file type can have put into it.
You can find out what file extensions
and I will be presenting the
first part of this session.
So it's basically symmetrical
to the Audio Format API.
There's a property ID, a specifier,
and then for the info you
get the size of the property,
and for the get property call
you get the property data itself.
So here's an example of finding out what
writable file types are on the system.
It's almost identical to finding
out what encoders are on the system.
I find out what the size of
the array I'm going to get back
is using the info size call,
and then I get the array of
file types that can be read,
and then I go into a loop and I use
the file type name property to get
a CFString that I can print out.
And so this is what I get.
So in Panther Audio File,
I'm going to get the
file type name property,
and then I'm going to go
into a loop and I'm going to
Okay, one new audio unit in
Panther is the Matrix Mixer.
Audio Unit, it's an audio unit that
can take inputs to,
or any number of inputs
to any number of outputs,
and they can be bundled
in streams of any size.
And the CPU usage depends
only on the number of non-zero
cross points in the matrix,
not the size of the matrix.
And you can get metering on inputs,
cross points, and outputs.
So Matrix Mixer is useful
for signal routing,
channel reordering, surround down mixing,
generalized panning,
and generalized mixing.
All the input buses are flattened
to an array of mono channels for
all the input and output buses.
It's a big matrix of mono channels.
Four gains control each cross point.
There's a gain on input,
a cross point gain, an output gain,
and a master gain for the entire matrix.
This is a...
This is a game of
Go where black is losing.
So this shows--
This shows the input buses coming in.
They're flattened to a
set of four channels.
I have stereo buses,
so they're flattened to four channels.
There's a gain on each input.
And the channels get numbered across
all the buses in just a linear fashion.
So they go 0, 1, 2,
3 for addressing each channel.
And then I'm using a black
circle here to represent a cross
point that has a non-zero gain.
And then the open circles show zero gain.
So here I've got input bus 0 as
being mixed to output buses 0 and 1.
And input bus 1 is being
mixed just to output bus 0.
So that's how it's laid out.
And you're only paying CPU.
And you're only paying
CPU cost for the black circle.
So as you turn up more gains,
you'll have more CPU load.
Okay,
so I'm going to demonstrate that now.
Okay, so here's the Matrix Mixer,
or just my UI on top of the Matrix Mixer.
I've got two stereo
input buses coming in,
and I've got five channels
going out in one bus.
So if I hit play here,
you can see on the left,
these are the pre-fader input meters.
I'll turn up my master gain here.
So as I turn these input faders on...
You can see this is the
post fade input meter.
And I'll turn on these cross point gains.
So I'm going to map this
channel to channel zero of
the output and I'll map this.
[Transcript missing]
And then I can sort of put this backwards
into the surround channels here.
Okay, so you can see the metering
on the cross points here and
the metering on the outputs.
So I'm mixing another sound in here.
And I can mix it also
into the surrounds here.
This is center here.
Okay, so that shows basically setting
the levels and the metering.
In addition,
you can enable and disable buses
and that basically turns off
pulling for that branch of the,
on that bus of input.
So basically it's like pausing
a section of your input.
Yeah, so, um, all right, now, just,
I implemented this so
I can just demonstrate,
uh,
You know, you can automate these
programmatically to do any kind of
panning algorithm you want to do.
One of the kind of interesting things
you can do with a matrix mixer is
multi-channel panning in various manners.
It's just the rear speakers.
Okay.
I can also disable the output.
That just mutes it basically.
Okay, so that's the Matrix Mixer.
I'll go back to slides now.
All right, so in order to set the
gains on the Matrix Mixer,
you can set all gains from global scope.
Audio units, when you set parameters,
you set parameters using
either input scope,
output scope, or global scope.
With the Matrix Mixer,
you can set everything from global scope,
although you can set input gains and
output gains from input or output scope.
But this shows how you would
specify a certain gain in the
cross points of the matrix.
You need to specify these
using the element argument
to audio unit set parameter.
And you do that by shifting
the input channel left by 16.
And then you set output channel 2.
to hex all Fs or four Fs,
or that with the input channel shift
left 16 and then for the output
gain you do the converse operation
and then master gain is all Fs.
Okay.
So, as you saw you can get metering
on prefade and postfade metering
on inputs and postfade metering
on outputs and cross points.
In order to get the metering
you need to set audio unit
property metering mode to one.
Metering does take some CPU so
you want to have the option to
turn it off if you don't need it.
And so and the parameters for metering
are accessed in the same method as the
gains by shifting the input left 16 in
the element and ordering with the output.
Okay,
so the bus enable that I showed you,
Matrix Mixer parameter bus enable,
if input bus is disabled,
then it won't be pulled.
So that's one way you can
use to manage CPU load when
you're using the Matrix Mixer.
So if you disable input buses,
then you're basically turning
that part of your input graph off.
So, um...
If you just set the input gain to zero,
that input will still be playing,
you're just not hearing it.
So it's just a different way
to do something like that.
In order to set up the MatrixMixer,
before you can use it,
you need to set the number of
input and output buses using
Audio Unit Property Bus Count.
And you need to set the
number of channels in the
stream formats of each bus.
This defines the size of the
matrix so that it can allocate
itself to the proper size.
Okay, also in Panther,
there's a new Panner unit,
as Bill was saying,
a Panner unit class for doing mono,
stereo, or end channel inputs
to end channel outputs,
and possibly using audio channel layouts.
You can use it to do panning
or you can use it to do inline
faders for channel volumes.
Alright, so that's about it.
Wrap up.
Okay, I think a couple of these are over.
There's audio and
QuickTime tomorrow morning.
And, uh, uh, quality documentation.